CONTRIBUTING.md: Added PMM API documentation info (#915)
percona/pmm: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [percona/pmm-qa](https://github.com/percona/pmm-qa)
* [percona/pmm-doc](https://github.com/percona/pmm-doc)

## API Reference Documentation

You can review the PMM API definition [here](https://percona-pmm.readme.io/).

> The API documentation source files are located in the `markdown` directory. The

Reviewer: I think we also should mention that API documentation is generated from the swagger.json file.

Author: Good idea, I'll add that.

Author: Done.

* [percona/pmm-qa](https://github.com/percona/pmm-qa)
* [percona/pmm-doc](https://github.com/percona/pmm-doc)

## API Reference Documentation

You can review the PMM API definition [here](https://percona-pmm.readme.io/).

> It is generated using the file `api/swagger/swagger.json` and additional API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is generated from our `.proto` [files](./api/) using a special [OpenAPI v2 tool](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/tree/master/protoc-gen-openapiv2) and additional API
```
